{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red47\green102\blue178;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c23529\c48627\c75294;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you want more after this course\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \strokec4 This course will be the only one in this program that talks about web development.\'a0 If you are interested in this course and considering to become a web developer in the future, you should take extra courses from other online resources.\'a0 Here are some useful links you can explore and get it started:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Roadmap to becoming a web developer in 2017\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 2016/2017 MUST-KNOW WEB DEVELOPMENT TECH - Watch this if you want to be a web developer\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBzRwzY7G-k"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBzRwzY7G-k}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://research.hackerrank.com/developer-skills/2018/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 2018 Developer Skills Report}}\cb3 \'a0from hackerrank.com\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Web Development In 2017 - A Practical Guide\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hDKfBKuXjI"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hDKfBKuXjI}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Skills for front-end web developer\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://skillcrush.com/2016/02/11/skills-to-become-a-front-end-developer/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://skillcrush.com/2016/02/11/skills-to-become-a-front-end-developer/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Skills for\'a0full-stack web developer\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hackernoon.com/full-stack-web-development-the-complete-roadmap-9fe43ec0ba32"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://hackernoon.com/full-stack-web-development-the-complete-roadmap-9fe43ec0ba32}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://teamtreehouse.com/tracks}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Some online tutorials:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thatjsdude.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 https://www.thatjsdude.com/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Information pass down by previous students:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Jason Long (previous student & TA)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Hey everyone - I wanted to share a couple pieces of information that you can keep on the backburner:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Bootstrap
\b0 \'a0is awesome for getting something pretty up and running quickly.\'a0 It's a framework that has loads of options and very simply beautifies a website.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 When building web applications,\'a0
\b Angular
\b0 \'a0(or AngularJS if you want to use the legacy version) is a very powerful tool to know.\'a0 After I finished this course I began working on web application projects at Intel and knowing how this framework operates was valuable.\'a0 If you're interested in learning it there is a very good course on Udemy for this titled "Angular 5 (formerly Angular 2) - The Complete Guide" (usually it's around $12).\'a0 It is basically the length of a college course though - it has ~27 hours of lessons and assignments on top of it.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 There are many other\'a0frameworks and libraries that people use in web development like
\b \'a0React, jQuery, PHP
\b0 \'a0(pretty well dated technology but it's still around), etc. so when you're wondering what you want to use for a new project, those are good places to begin looking.\'a0 There are also loads of libraries available on GitHub that will make your life so much easier.\'a0 Be careful when implementing them in a professional environment though because libraries made by individuals or small groups of people may change and break your existing code.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 There is a lot more I want to say, but that's covers the basics of my experience thus far.\'a0 Hope some of you find this useful :-)\cb1 \
\cb3 Sources:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://getbootstrap.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Bootstrap}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://angular.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Angular}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://reactjs.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 React}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 GitHub}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Jacob Leno\'a0(previous student)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I have found Lynda.com to be a great resource for learning programming. So far I have taken courses in CSS, HTML and Data Structures. It has a monthly fee but your library may have a subscription, which in that case if you have a library card it's free. It's nice because the courses are very professional and whenever you complete a course you can choose to have it show on your LinkedIn profile.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Elisabeth Mansfield (previous student)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa40\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 According to GitHub, JavaScript was the most popular language of 2017. It\'92s always interesting to look at the \'93most popular languages\'94 lists, although the understanding of core computer science principles is generally considered more important than mastery of any specific language. Also, I get the impression that GitHub is more often geared towards web development rather than other fields of software engineering.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Check out the report yourself:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://octoverse.github.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \strokec5 https://octoverse.github.com/}}\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 If you know other resources that might be helpful or interesting,\'a0you're welcome to share it with your classmates below.\cb1 \
}